Motivation
------------
The idea of the site came from a spin off of a application I was planning to build over the summer.  Facebook as well as all other big social networks today focus a lot of energy on what you and your friends like.  My idea with this app was not to know what your friends like, but what the entire internet thinks of certain things.  Sure 44 million people make like Lil Wayne on Facebook, but how many of us dislike him?  That is the whole essence of the site, seeing what the internet really thinks about people, things, places and anything else which can be typed in words. I have always been very interested with social networks and dynamic websites where the user base is what makes the site interesting.  The main goal of this idea was to imitate many of the functionalities of standard social networks such as Facebook and Twitter.  In other words having features such as following users activities, news feeds, etc. Going in to this, I wanted to discover the difficulties of coding and maintaining a website with a large user base.  Social networks are the perfect opportunity for any computer scientist to test their web development skills since even one with a few thousand users being logged on at one time could be host to millions of database look ups in span of a few hours.  This is what I ended up learning after testing it our app with a bot performing thousands of operations per second.  Our app only skims the surface of a scalable social network, but I do plan to continue building on it and hopefully releasing it publicly sometime soon.  I feel as though we met our goals of mimicking basic social network features, as well as making a pretty sweet app.
